well the Israeli military has launched
an operation east of Gaza City it's
ordered people to leave the shua
neighborhood now earlier Israeli forces
targeted that area killing at least
eight Palestinians families have been
fleeing as the bombardment there
intensifies at least 40 people have been
injured homes were also damaged in the
attack with Crews rescuing people from
the rubble of destroyed buildings and
others remain missing meanwhile in
Northern Gaza three Israeli air strikes
have targeted the crowded jabalia
refugee camp at least 32 Palestinians
were killed in attacks there on
Wednesday you recall Israeli ground
troops pulled out of the camp earlier
this month after weeks of
fighting we were sitting at home and we
heard an explosion near us we went out
and found body parts thrown around
everywhere a group of civilians who had
no connection to any military was
targeted body parts were thrown here and
there well let's speak to our respondent
on the ground honey Mahmud he joins us
now from Dera Bala that's in the central
part of the Gaza Strip honey talk us
through what we're seeing especially in
the north there and these huge huge
numbers of people who are being forced
to to move yet
again yes well this is becoming part of
the daily routine the new normal for
Palestinians across the Gaza trip mainly
in the northern part in the central area
and uh more recently in Rafa City The
New Normal of people being forced into
internal displacement over and over
within the past close to 9 months right
now are yet forced into further internal
and force displacement the vast majority
of people who were in sh neighborhood
and a tah neighborhood that these are at
the eastern part of Gaza City are displ
Palestinians some of them are from the
local neighborhoods uh the local resids
of these neighborhoods went back from
western part of the city as the Israeli
military withdrew within the past weeks
but found themselves that they are yet
at another dilemma of moving into uh
Western uh part of the city Israeli
military in a sharp order that came
right at least half an hour through the
operation is started giving making phone
calls and sending text messages dropping
leaflet for people to evacuate already
people caught in the line of fire some
of the families are silly trapped in
areas that are able to leave given the
dense presence of of qu captur
surveillance and drones and heavy
artilleries that nonstop for the past
couple hours 15 people reported killed
and it close to 100 of critically
injured and the operation
continues honey I I have to ask you too
about Aid as we see more and more
pockets of famine take hold and more and
more people being displaced in in huge
numbers what is the situation is any Aid
getting in at the
moment well absolutely negative what
we're see see in so far coming into Gaza
Strip is the commercial trucks and that
takes it place after long coordination
process with the Israeli side but also
the uh the number of trucks for the
commercial sector is quite limited and
just giving the the situations across
the Gaza Strip don't forget for the past
eight months people haven't been on a
payroll they did not receive anyway
there's Financial uh problems here
people don't have the financial
capabilities to go to the market and buy
Goods that are now double and tripled
and 10 times the prices of what they
used to be pre October 7th there are
very difficult conditions it created on
the ground and the fact that there is
ongoing displacement happening the
further enforce displacement from one
place to another is very uh very pricey
for people it cost them a lot because
every time they move to an area they end
up getting some of the stuff that they
they think it's going to stay with them
for at least a month or two months and
they are moved forced to move again they
will have to buy again some of these
stuff just to keep them surviving it's
an endless cycle of not only
unpredictable falling bombs but also the
aid the aid questions here the aid issue
that already broken the mechanism no Aid
coming in many of the organizations that
uh work on Aid delivery said it's it's
quite complicated no safety for Aid
workers and the fact that we have a
closure on the borders just making it
difficult to anti dissipate any time
soon that there will be a solution for
this humanitarian crisis that is better
described as it's above emergency crisis
honey Mahmud they're reporting for us
from the ground from Dar Al Bala in
central Gaza thank you
honey make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer